well I'm here right now a stick saying
from CLG after an interesting series
against Phoenix fun you guys have a lot
of interesting series this weekend what
is going on uh if I knew I'll tell each
others but uh you should probably flush
out because there's a little thing
called world's coming up yeah yeah I
don't know if some reason our game ones
are always really really clean probably
like the best in league and then game to
kind of fall off and then Game three
we're like always behind then we always
have to come back so yeah it feels
pretty bad it's like really frustrating
to play on stage especially yeah I mean
we're trying to figure it out I think
it's like a mix of like lack of like
focus and discipline stuff like that so
we're definitely not it though yeah I
mean because it does seem like it was
literally just a replication of what
happened yesterday I mean maybe maybe
not such a bad game too but yeah I don't
know so you know what what are what is
the conversation like behind the scenes
whenever you guys lose Game two because
again I think a lot of people expect you
know dark starts yelling at people
everything gets tense and like Tony has
to come and be like every shut up we're
going to win Game three I mean what's
going on
yeah directivity like attacks me okay
and then after like so I can fight him
scars underneath the Jersey
no usually it's I mean we're pretty
civil people I mean that's not a talk to
these people thank yous but yeah we just
talked about the game and talked about
what we did wrong usually amounts to us
not respecting them enough not
necessarily like as opponents but like
their timings when they make plays and
stuff we're pretty much giving them all
the timings and then we're not able to
make any of them because they're
defending properly so basically we're
not defending cooperating we're just
giving them free place so yeah it feels
feel bad but we're going to work on it
so obviously the Phoenix one roster here
is a little different than it has been
previously what did you think of this
lineup
um I thought they're pretty good I
thought I mean specials been in for a
long time
he's like a pretty pretty si average
like sparkler
Mike Young I thought was really
impressive for you know his first
weekend okay I don't know I've never
heard them before so I don't know if he
has any competitive experience but I
thought it was really like impressive so
yeah I think of a bright future or p1v1
in general odds by future so a little
bit of an a talent
yeah surprising not not very common but
oh we're we just import everyone it's
very unfortunate all right what's been
going on is he'll G these days oh not
much good normal what is so normal
uh-huh
I was talking to another ad carry about
this yesterday I know that this split
there was a lot of conversation between
the team owners the teams the players
that there was going to be a little bit
more free time and better life balance
before the start of the split I've heard
that many times before and now I'm
hearing the same thing I normally hear
after there's that conversation which is
like yeah we're screaming a lot it's
like pretty much the same so I'm just
kind of curious what's going on uh for
us I would say we are very dedicated to
split because we start example of so if
we play on like a Sunday and then we
play the next Friday we have the Monday
off but now we don't have those days off
so we make sure we have at least four
days of practice going to each game
I mean we're screaming triple blocks all
the time it's just completely on the
players decisions too it's not like
we're forced or anything so we're
actually just like really really hungry
we want to just improve and be the best
because I mean I think everyone knows
right now that we're probably the best
team but we just want to make sure we
stay up to that standard and clean up
like a lot of our mistakes so we're
trying really hard to split and where do
you think the team will finish at the
end of it well I think we're going to
finish first honesty I think is going to
be ostracism
at the end of summer do you if it was a
university SM what would you predict it
to be I mean let's live like some
miracle with like us or some hurdles or
something I still and gnarly in the hype
chain way I think I don't think very
good but maybe there has to be including
that freedom playing for two weeks to
enchance cloud9 picks up I don't know I
don't think cloud 9 is very good I felt
like they were good in a summer 2016 and
since then they've kind of just
stagnated and doesn't seem like the ever
improve so I'm not really sure about
clothing so just you and TSM the only
good teams in league right now yeah and
not immortals I mean maybe the good I
don't know I indeed your board Jake like
that I mean I'm just saying like I don't
know I just
I think they're just getting a lot of
feelings of just enemies playing really
dad now thinks it's gonna happen resist
so when do you guys play I think next
week should be it should be next week or
the week after I think so probably come
coming up here in a little bit
anything what about in stick saves life
is there anything for Trevor Hayes
that's going on any personal
developments any you know kind of
philosophical changes that you've been
considering oh not really I think I just
have like a better mindset towards the
game for this foot and I just kind of
play play so low-key more I mean last
foot I had like the assumption that you
know soloqueue is wasting my time I'll
play like every once in awhile I'm not
going to like spam solo queue like I'm
now so I guess I kind of changed my
mindset and I kind of talked to afro and
our coach Tony about it and they both
agreed like they think so like you yeah
it might be a waste time sometimes but
you can get a lot out of it if you if
you have the right mindset towards it so
what I'm trying to do this wit and just
you know playing doing with that for a
lot more you know I think we're really
showing it to so I think it's a definite
paying off I asked you what was going on
your personal life you just answered
about legalize I mean that's my personal
life really yeah it's just so sad pro
players like all they are is League of
Legends you know it's kind of a tragedy
really yeah I mean I'm gonna go home and
place it okay so that's so sad is there
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there who you know I've
been watching you guys play and excited
to see the increased performances split
yeah just a try not to have so many
heart attacks with us because I mean
we're having an attack to do it's like
holy guys what are we doing we're
definitely trying to fix it it's like
the most glaring issue to us that were
just like being super good game on than
just slacking off in the rest of games
so that's like your number one thing to
fix yeah I know it's pretty stressful to
watch it's definitely stressful to play
as so but I think yes for always
supporting us well thank you for doing
this interview with me even though I'm
just here by myself that's very nice of
you okay thank you yeah you can check
out the rest of my coverage right here
on my youtube channel a to keep this
channel ad free keep using adblock or
feel free to support me offer at Travis
CARICOM slash support